Clarify documentation related to article file names, and documentation extension file names. (#874)
apple/swift-docc: Sources/docc/DocCDocumentation.docc/adding-supplemental-content-to-a-documentation-catalog.md

...
```

> To add an article to your documentation catalog, use a text editor and create a
> file with an appropriate title and add an `.md` extension. DocC uses the file
> name you choose to determine the URL path string for the article, converting
> upper case letters to lower case, and converting spaces and punctuation to
> hyphens. DocC always uses the title from the level 1 header as the title of the
> article, and not the file name.

Reviewer: This should also mention that article file names need to be unique because otherwise the multiple pages would have the same URL. I think this information is important enough to call out in an "Important" aside.

 ```suggestion
To add an article to your documentation catalog, use a text editor and create a file with an appropriate title and add an `.md` extension. 

> Important: 
> DocC uses the article's lowercased file name, with consecutive sequences of whitespace and punctuation replaced with a hyphen (`-`), as a path component in the URL for that page. 
> If two or more articles have the same file name, DocC will raise a warning and skip building documentation for all but one of those articles.
>
> DocC doesn't display the article file name in content. Instead it uses the title from the level 1 header in places where the article is referenced.
```

Author: Great idea. I started writing this information the other day, but ended up with the simpler paragraph. I think this works well, and the extra information is worth the space. Thanks.

* When your source documentation comments focus on the implementation of your
  code, and aren't appropriate for external documentation

To add an extension file to your documentation catalog, create a file within the
documentation catalog, then modify the first line of the file to identify the
symbol that the file relates to using a symbol link in a level 1 header. For
more information on linking to symbols, see
<doc:linking-to-symbols-and-other-content>. DocC ignores file names of
documentation extensions; you can choose any file name you would like as long as
it uses an `.md` extension. DocC determines the URL path of source documentation
from the symbol's name, type and parent type among other things.

> > Important: The symbol path for the page title of an extension file must start with the name of a top-level symbol or the name of the framework.

Reviewer: It would be better to rephrase this sentence to explain the consequence of writing an incorrect symbol links. Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
> Important: 
> If DocC can't resolve the symbol link in the level 1 header of the extension file, it will raise a warning about the link and skip the rest of the content of that extension file. 
>
> DocC resolves symbol links in extension file headers relative to the module.
> To create an extension file for a nested type or member symbol, start the symbol link with the name of the top-level symbol that contains the nested type or member symbol.
> If you want you can prefix the symbol link with the name of the module but it's not necessary.
```

Reviewer: Also, [this aside](https://github.com/apple/swift-docc/pull/874/files#diff-da6b9292790d774212f3cb84b563f00316f0a35879d71c639491910ee13d8782R158) contains mostly the same phrasing. It would be good to update both with the same information.
